Steve had always loved snooty Bangkok with its zealous, zesty zoos. It was a place where he felt angry.

He was a witty, generous, cocoa drinker with sloppy spots and ample thighs. His friends saw him as a racid, repulsive rover. Once, he had even helped a busy baby bird cross the road. That's the sort of man he was.

Steve walked over to the window and reflected on his deserted surroundings. The moon shone like dancing maggots.

Then he saw something in the distance, or rather someone. It was the figure of Evan . Evan was an admirable writer with greasy spots and slimy thighs.

Steve gulped. He was not prepared for Evan.

As Steve stepped outside and Evan came closer, he could see the sleepy smile on his face.

Evan gazed with the affection of 2384 clumsy dead dogs. He said, in hushed tones, "I love you and I want equality."

Steve looked back, even more jumpy and still fingering the warped sandwich. "Evan, hands up or I'll shoot," he replied.

They looked at each other with puzzled feelings, like two glorious, grim goldfish partying at a very grateful rave, which had drum and bass music playing in the background and two articulate uncles drinking to the beat.

Steve regarded Evan's greasy spots and slimy thighs. "I feel the same way!" revealed Steve with a delighted grin.

Evan looked shocked, his emotions blushing like a good, gentle gun.

Even though Evan looked shocked, what was more shocking was that the sandwhich
that was actually spoiled ham instead of turkey. While this truly was shocking,
The more shocking part was that Evan found himself blushing like a good, gentle, gun.
Evan hasn't blushed for years. Why had evan not blused for years? Well to answer that question we would have to go back some years. You see evan was a traveling man. A few years ago he was in London. He was supposed to meet someone under a brigde near the edges of the city. He was waiting for that someone when they had told him to.

CUT CUT CUT.... I'm so sorry people, but this story writer was clearly high, or a random word generator, or both. We apologize for this glaring mistake, and we will now proceed to obtain a person who may once have been qualified to write words. Please take this opportunity to pretend you never read the previous author's writing.
